Get a Barrow's armor piece;Post a screenshot of you getting a Barrows unique in the submissions channel.
Complete 5 LMS games;Post your before and after LMS log into the submissions channel.
Get 10 pearls from Aerial Fishing;Post a stack of 10 pearls in your invent after fishing them while on Molch Island in the submissions channel. 
Get 20 Sarachnis kc;Post a screenshot of your Sarachnis kc before and after into the submissions channel. 
Do 50 laps of any agility rooftop courses;Post a screenshot of your before and after laps completed at Grace in Burthorpe, in the submissions channel.
Get 200k xp in any skill;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Catch 20 imps of any kind;Post your invent of stacked of imps while in Puro-Puro after catching them, in the submissions channel.
Hunt 30 Herbiboar;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after in the submissions channel.
Do 20 rounds of telekinetic pizazz in the Mage Training Arena;Post a screenshot of your Pizazz points before and after, in the submissions channel.
Get 5 Mossy Keys;Post a screenshot of your Mossy Key stack in your invent, or the untradable drop message is still in your chat, in the submissions channel.
Do 5 beginner clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Get 5 Unidentified Minerals in the Mining Guild;Post a screenshot of the 5 unidentified minerals in your invent while in the Mining Guild, in the submissions channel.
Get 5 Giant Mole kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 10 Deranged Archaeologist kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Agility Arena tickets;Post a screenshot of your ticket stack while at the ranging guild, in the submissions channel.
Do 10 Mahogany Homes contracts;Post a screenshot of your completed contracts before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 100k Mining xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Do 5 easy clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Get 200k xp from Pyramid Plunder;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 100 points in the Mage Training Arena Alchemist room;Post a screenshot of your Pizazz points before and after, in the submissions channel.
Hand in 5 Pyramid tops from the Pyramid Agility Course;Post a screenshot of your total laps counter while standing near the Pyramid Agility course, in the submissions channel.
Get 200k Woodcutting xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 100k Runecrafting xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 5 Giant Keys;Post a screenshot of your Giant Key stack in your invent, or the untradable drop message is still in your chat, in the submissions channel. 
Get 20 Tempoross permits;Post a screenshot of your total permits in the chatbox after your last Tempoross game in the submissions channel.
Get 50 Abyssal Pearls from GOTR;Post a screenshot of your total perls in your invent after you pull from the rewards guardian in the submissions channel.
Get 20 reward crates from Wintertodt;Post a screenshot of you opening 20 reward crates at the Wintertodt camp bank chest, in the submissions channel.
Gain 500 Mahogany Homes points;Post a screenshot of your completed contracts before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Zalcano kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get at 10 kc of any of the God Wars Dungeon bosses;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Barrows kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 10 Vorkath kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Do 5 mediums clues & 5 easy clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Catch 200 Sharks;Post a screenshot of your total fish caught counter while standing near a shark fishing hotspot, in the submissions channel.
Get 50 Crazy Archaeologist kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete 2 Tombs of Amascut kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Do 10 slayer tasks (must be from either Nieve/Steve/Konar/Duradel/Krystilia);Post a screenshot of your completed Slayer tasks before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 100k mining xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 100 Tithe Farm points;Post a screenshot of your completed points before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Catch 200 Chinchompas of any kind;Post a screenshot of your stack of caught Chinchompas while in a Chinchompa hunter area, in the submissions channel.
Catch 200 Sharks barehand;Post a screenshot of your total fish caught counter while standing near a shark fishing hotspot without a harpoon in hand, in the submissions channel.
Complete 2 Chambers of Xeric kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 10 Kalphite queen kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete 5 Gauntlet kc (blue or/and red);Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 15 Tempoross kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 250k Thieving xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Complete 30 Mahogany Homes contracts;Post a screenshot of your completed contracts before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 King Black Dragon kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 50 Sarachnis kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete 2 Theatre of Blood kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 10 LMS points;Post a screenshot of your LMS stats before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 25 Vorkath kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get points equal to the “Beginner Wand” Mage Training Arena;Post a screenshot of your Pizazz points before and after, in the submissions channel.
Open 25 Barrows chests;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 1 Jad kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Gain 500k xp in any skill of your choice;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Murder 200 of any monster that drops a Champion scroll;Post a screenshot of your loot tracker before and after completion, in the submissions channel.
Win 2 Soul Wars games (on mass world);Post a screenshot of the chatbox after completing each game, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 kc at 1 God Wars boss;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 1 Chewed bones;Post a screenshot of the bones on the ground or untradable drop message in the chat box, in the submissions channel.
Get 5 Castle Wars tickets (in any way);Post a screenshot of your stack of tickets while standing in the Castle Wars lobby after completion, in the submissions channel.
Win 10 games of Guardians of the Rift;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Do 10 Easy clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Do 10 Beginner clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Gain 500k xp in any skill;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Gain 200k xp in your lowest skill;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Kill one of Callisto, Venananananatis or Vet'ion 15 times;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete the highest floor of Hallowed Sepulchre you have access to 20 times;Post a screenshot of your completed laps before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Fish 200 Anglers;Post a screenshot of your total fish caught counter while standing near a Angler fishing hotspot, in the submissions channel.
Thieve a Blood Shard or Enhanced Teleport Crystal;Post a screenshot of either the collection log popup or loot in your inventory after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete 10 (corrupted optional) Gauntlet kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Make 10 swords in the Giants Foundry;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete an Elite clue;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Get more than 10 permits in a single game of Tempoross;Post a screenshot of your total permits in the chatbox after your last Tempoross game in the submissions channel.
Get 200k Smithing xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get an Odium or Malediction shard;Post a screenshot of either the collection log popup or loot in your inventory after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete 1 combat achievement;Post a screenshot of the Combat Task Completed popup after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Zulrah kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 30 King Black Dragon kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Scorpia kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 200k Prayer xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Complete 3 Hard clues;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Get 20 Dagganoth Kings kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get 2 Barrows items;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Get 3 Brimstone Keys;Post a screenshot of your Brimstone Key stack in your invent, or the untradable drop message is still in your chat, in the submissions channel.
Max the Blast Mining sack then collect all the xp;Post a screenshot of the xp drop, in the submissions channel. 
Get a Wintertodt crate with 28 rolls (13500 point game);Post a screenshot of the total points totalling over 13500 before defeating the boss, in the submissions channel.
Cook 1000 food;Post a screenshot of the Cooking tracker showing 1000 food cooked, in the submissions channel.
Clean 100 grimy herbs;Post a screenshot of your stack of grimy herbs before and clean stack after, in the submissions channel.
Get a new collection log item;Post a screenshot of the collection log popup, in the submissions channel.
Get 10 Phantom Muspah kc;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Gain 100k Fletching xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Do 2 farm runs today;Post a screenshot of your farm patch teleports showing you have used two charges for farm runs, in the submissions channel. 
Stack up 30 Tempoross permits;Post a screenshot of your total permits in the chatbox after your last Tempoross game in the submissions channel.
Collect 200 Eclectic Implings;Post your invent of stacked of Eclectic imps while in Puro-Puro after catching them, in the submissions channel.
Gain 100k Herblore xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Gain 75k Smithing xp via an anvil;Post a screenshot of you standing at an anvil after completion, XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Spend 1 hour smelting at the Blast Furnace;Post a screenshot of your xp tracker stating that you've earned your hourly xp while at Blast Furnace, in the submissions channel.
Thieve 20 Ranarr seeds from Master Farmers;Post a screenshot of a stack of 20 Ranarr seeds in your invent while standing next to a Master Farmer after completion, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 50 Slayer points;Post a screenshot of your completed Slayer points before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 500 of the highest logs you can woodcut. Fletch these into 500 bows / 250 shields;Post a screenshot of your gained Woodcutting xp with the noted stack of bows/shields, in the submissions channel.
Get 50 kc at any boss;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 30 Marks of Grace;Post a screenshot of your Marks of Grace stack before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 300 stardust from shooting stars;Post a screenshot of 300 stardust in your invent after a star disintergrates, in the submissions channel. 
Convert 2000 Daeyalt fragments into Daeyalt Essence;Post a screenshot of your invent showing you've mined 2000 Daeyalt fragments, or 2000 Daeyalt essence, in the submissions channel.
Empower 150 Unpowered Orbs;Post a screenshot of your stack of unpowered orbs, then powered with combined Magic xp gained, in the submissions channel.
Make 300 house tabs;Post a screenshot of the 300 house tabs in your invent while standing next to a lecturn after completion, in the submissions channel.
Mine a combined 50 Red Topaz, Opal and Jade;Post a screenshot of your bank showing your current stack of gems and then completed 50 after completion, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 50 Crystal Shards via any method you want;Post a screenshot of 300 Crystal Shards in your invent after completion, in the submissions channel. 
Do 100 laps of the Ape Atol Agility course;Post a screenshot of your before and after laps completed at Grace in Burthorpe, in the submissions channel.
"Check health" of 12 fully grown trees / fruit trees;Post a screenshot of total farming xp gained for the time period equaling the type of trees you've had planted, in the submissions channel.
Blow 300 glass into the highest possible item you can craft;Post a screenshot of your stack of Molten Glass products, then powered with combined Crafting xp gained, in the submissions channel.
Go buy some Mithril Seeds from Legends guild and plant flowers around a random player;Post a screenshot of you planting flowers around a player and post in the submissions channel.
Go get your favour to 100% at Throne of Miscellania;Post a screenshot of your favour before and after completion, in the submissions channel.
Catch 500 Chinchompas of your choice;Post a screenshot of your stack of caught Chinchompas while in a Chinchompa hunter area, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 6 Brimstone Keys;Post a screenshot of your Brimstone Key stack in your invent, or the untradable drop message is still in your chat, in the submissions channel.
Get 30 points at Pest Control;Post a screenshot of your points before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Gain 250k Construction xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Make 1000 Cannonballs;Post a screenshot of your Cannonball stack before and after completion in the submissions channel.
Catch 1000 Minnows;Post a screenshot of your total fish caught counter while standing near a Minnow fishing hotspot, in the submissions channel.
Obtain 100k gp from Thieving;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Obtain a unique from any bosses/raids drop table. Can be a duplicate;Post a screenshot of your collection log popup or chat box message, in the submissions channel.
Complete a Master clue;Post a screenshot of your collection log before and after completing the clues, in the submissions channel.
Farm over 80 Herbs in one run;Post a screenshot of your stack of noted Herbs after completing your successful Herb run, in the submissions channel.
Get a new collection log from any clue tier;Post a screenshot of your collection log popup, in the submissions channel.
Get 5 kills at LMS;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Do Barrows until you get an Elite clue;Post a screenshot of your Barrows chest containing an Elite clue in the submissions channel.
Kill the Priff Rabbit boss;Post a screenshot of the Crystal Grail collection log popup or the item in your invent, in the submissions channel.
Kill Vorkath with no weapon (or try and die 5 times then you can move on);Post a screenshot of your attempts in the submissions channel.
Pick a combat achievement (hard or above) you've been putting off and go do it;Post a screenshot of the Combat Task Completed popup after completing, in the submissions channel.
Kill each God Wars Dungeon boss twice;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Get a Tempoross unique OR the 25 Soaked Pages drop:Post a screenshot of the new unique item shown in your chatbox while standing at the rewards pool, in the submissions channel.
Get 3 Ecumenical Keys. If you already have max keys, use 3 then get 3 more;Post a screenshot of 3 Ecumenical keys in your invent while at the Wildy God Wars Dungeon, in the submissions channel.
Get 20k ancient essence from the Phantom Muspah;Post a screenshot of your total essence before and after completion, in the submissions channel.
Gain 30k xp in EACH gathering skill (Farming, Hunter, Mining, Woodcutting, Fishing, 125k total);XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 500k Firemaking xp;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Complete 20 successful games of Guardians of the Rift;Post a screenshot of your kc before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Gain 500k xp without leaving the Grand Exchange;XP is tracked from Wise Old Man, however you can also set an xp goal in game and post it in the submissions channel.
Get 40 Marks of Grace;Post a screenshot of your Marks of Grace stack before and after completing, in the submissions channel.
Complete any raid twice, if you get a unique, you have to the back to back;Post a screenshot of your log and kc before and after completion, in the submissions channel.